what's going on guys bout you're back
with some mutant genetic gladiators so
let's get into this we got Mickey
Krueger here and if you're wondering how
to get em you do get them from research
1 which I'll show you here in a second
let's just put him there's what he looks
like he's got ok speed it's not the best
but I've seen him in some defense teams
but yeah you had to complete research 1
to actually get him he's the reward for
completing the whole bingo card the
hardest ones I say are going to be the
zodiacs of course other than that
everyone else is fairly easy to get I
just got to wait for shop Eve and stuff
like that I should pick him up and then
you're also going to need them for
research to to complete that one to get
a different view so you are gonna have
to go from 1 to 2 and he does have
bronze silver and gold stars as well of
course I'll be trying to get them later
I am trying to complete some other stuff
first before I go for his other stars
but sooner or later you'll be seeing him
in the random videos because I'll try to
go for the other stars but this is his
second attack which I guess is OK umm
his ability is like train because he is
necro and then this is first attack
upgraded and then we got his second
attack upgraded which I guess is ok but
yeah he does have quite a bit of speed
7.6 9 that's pretty good
not too much health but um yeah you are
gonna need him if you are going to be
trying to complete the bingo cards but I
say the hardest ones are gonna be the
zodiacs but you will need him though or
the second one so you could have to
complete the first one first but now
he's worth it I mean if we're going for
the bingos anyway you're gonna be
getting him so I wouldn't worry too much
about trying to get them but once you do
you could buy them the shop before as
well I believe they had them in the shop
at one point but now you can only get
them through the research for now they
might add them back in the shop who
knows but that's gonna be about it for
this one thank you guys for watching
hope you enjoyed and we'll talk to you
guys next time